---
title: 'Note to User Regarding Use of any Document Templates'
sidebar_position: 2
---

**Note to User:** You acknowledge and agree that the making available of this document to you by Movement DAO and DAOLABS LLC. shall not create any confidential or special relationship between you and Movement DAO or DAOLABS LLC. or its affiliates (collectively, the "DAO") and does not constitute the provision of legal advice or other professional advice by the DAO or its legal counsel. You should seek advice from an attorney licensed in the relevant jurisdiction(s), as well as a tax professional, before relying on this template document. Additionally, the information provided in this document, any subscription agreement or otherwise by the DAO does not constitute tax advice. Any discussion of tax matters is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used or relied on, for the purpose of tax planning or avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code (or equivalent in the relevant jurisdiction) or promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter. You further agree and acknowledge that this document, any subscription agreement, or any other document otherwise provided by the DAO has not been prepared with your specific circumstances in mind, may not be suitable for use in your personal circumstances. Any reliance on this document, any subscription agreement, or anything otherwise provided by DAO, or any information contained therein is at your sole risk and you assume all losses and liability that may result. Review all documents carefully for accuracy before using them. There may be **BRACKETED TEXT** requiring your attention.
